## Test environments
* local OS X install, R 3.6.3
* win-builder (devel and release)

## R CMD check results

0 errors | 0 warnings | 1 note

* This release fixes an error generated by the previous version for 
Windows builds when re-building vignette outputs. Specifically, I took out all 
dependence on the 'ggmap' package, as it was causing a problem in rebuilding 
one of the package vignettes. While I had tried to remove this dependency in 
the last release of this package, I found that the use of caching in one of
the package vignettes seems to have retained it as a dependency. I removed
caching in the vignette in this version and removed the listing of 'ggmap'
in the DESCRIPTION file. It looks like the 'ggmap' package has been orphaned, 
so removing the dependency in this package seemed the safest option to ensure
that there are not similar problems in the future. I have checked this version 
on win-builder, both devel and release, to confirm that the previous warning has 
been resolved. I also checked the package locally (OS X install, R 3.6.3) using 
'--as-cran' to ensure that it passed all checks when using a user library 
containing only packages at least suggested, as well as checked building the 
vignette locally after uninstalling the dependency that was causing the problem
('ggmap'). Finally, I updated all dependencies to use the latest version of 
each package and tested using these latest versions, as well as updated from 
the dplyr functions 'mutate_', 'select_', and 'filter_', which are being deprecated.
* I apologize for not sending in this update before March 31 to ensure the previous 
version of the package was not removed from CRAN. The one NOTE is that the previous
version of the package has been archived on CRAN. I apologize if my delay has caused 
more work for you, and I appreciate all the work that your team does to keep CRAN 
going.

## Reverse dependencies

There are no reverse dependencies.

